This week I'm proud to join the students teachers businesses and
nonprofit organizations taking big new steps to support computer science and america
schools.
Learning these skills isn't just important for future it's important for
our country's future if we want america to stay on the cutting-edge we need young
americans like you to master the tools and technology...change the way we do
just about everything that's why I'm asking you to get involved.
Don't just buy a new video game make one don't just download later
...help design and don't just play on your phone
program?
No, one's born a computer scientists but what...hard work
...math and science just about anyone can...
This week
is your chance to give it a shot and don't let anyone tell you can't?
Whether you're a young man or a young woman what do you live in a
city or rural area computers are going to be a big part of your future.